All right, so to cut the [__] I make
money. I help other people make money.
And today, I'm going to give you three
[music] Instagram stories that you can
copy and paste and make money with as
well. More specifically, I want to read
you a quick little passage [music]
around the stories I'm going to give you
today in this video. So, this is a post
from Robin, a very, very handsome man
inside of Nexus, which is my highest
level mastermind. Basically, the
beginning of it is just like, "Oh my
god, Deon hopped on what I want to call
it was [music] amazing." However, that's
not the point. What I want to hone in on
is this passage right here, and I'm
going to read it word for word. The
sales stories completely [music] changed
how I converted my existing follower
base into actual clients. My
recommendation to everyone here, use
them. They work. Do not view these
stories [music] that Devon's giving us
as another add-on or feature. They
convert [music] and they will make your
followers pay for whatever you offer.
That, my friend, is a quick little
message going over the stories that I
[music] give people inside of my highle
community, Nexus. And today I'm going to
give you three of the highest performing
ones. So I'm going to cover first story
which is going to be I spelled it wrong
talking [__] Second story being quiz
audience. And then the third story being
wake up [music] to this. Now I want to
make it abundantly clear. This is not
going to be a typical entertaining
highly edited video you get from Devon
Jtho [music] on a typical basis.
However, this is going to be a very
tactical straight cut. Just here are the
three stories that you need to make.
Follow this [__] template. post them
tomorrow and you will get clients.
[music] That is a guaranteed. So without
further ado, let's going to hop into the
first one. Talking [__] But before I
do, [music] if this is your first time
seeing me, I got over 400k followers on
Instagram. I make hundreds of thousands
of dollars a month from Instagram from
Yeah. from my Instagram from Purely
[music] Organic. That's pretty much all
you need to know. Cool. So for talking
[__] this is going to only be three key
stories. So the way I'm going to walk
three key stories within the sequence,
not the not these three, but three
stories in the overall first story
sequence. So what we're going to do is
I'm going to walk you through first the
overall framework. Now I'm going to walk
you through my example of my use case on
how I use a story and got results from
it. And then I'll break it down into a
templates for you to follow. And then of
course I'll give you a little bit of
social proof on that this actually
[__] worked for others and then as
well as for myself. So, let's go and
start with looking at the talking [__]
story. So, the first story here is going
to be, let me make sure it's zoomed in
for you guys. So, if you look at this,
basically, it is me replying to a
follower or no, it's replying to a
comment reply. So, Chris social comment
to one of my videos saying, "No one is
growing 10K followers in a month." Dot
dot dot. Then, you'll see a picture of
myself looking handsome pointing towards
the word you sure. So to break it down,
you can see there's a fake comment at
the top. That is a fake comment. That's
not a real comment. You'll see something
that implies that I disagree with this
comment, which is going to be you sure
and my sexy face pointing towards that
said comment. And that is going to be
the first story that's going to get
people bought in to seeing the next
upcoming stories. So the second story
that I would have posted is basically
keeping that fake comment at the top.
and I gave visual proof of my clients
doing well over 10K followers within the
first 30 days or within within a month.
Then at the end I basically make a
little pitch. So at this point basically
I started off on the first slide by
saying hey here's a false misbelief that
you might have around the results that
you can get more specifically the
results that you can get with me. And
then I question that or kind of like not
question it but I more so
combat that of are you sure you can't
get those results? I have a nice little
seamless way to show some client
results. And then at the end, this is
just where I'm going to convert those
sub leads. So, I keep the comment at the
top, basically making sure everyone's
aware of what the comment is. And then
I'll go into the pre-handle to their
possible objection and then I'll give
them a pitch towards my product and then
you add a CTI at the bottom. So, if you
look here, these results aren't luck.
Speaking to the results that I showed in
the last slide, and they're not working
harder than you. We just optimized their
content strategy so that they got more
out of the content they were already
doing. So if you want a proven blueprint
and a system for you to follow to build
your profit driven personal brand, reply
with Nexus. Next thing you know, they
reply with Nexus and then Mini Chat will
take them from there. And that is a
story that I posted for myself and it's
performed quite well. whenever I mean
quite well uh according to our content
studio which is our software that we use
or that we built I made $41,000 from
that story alone this is this is a good
[__] story and the clients you're
getting amazing results with it as well
this is actually one of the ones that
Robin the guy I mentioned above used
himself and made 15k from you'll see
here he made 7.5k and then a 400
increase 400% increase in story views
made 7.5k to begin with and he replied
saying yo I got another one as well so
that's 10k for Robin based off what he
would have mentioned the day of. So he
might have even made more. So how do you
create this template for well how do you
create this story for yourself? That's
quite simple. So chances are you're not
going to have a we're not going to
easily find a comment to reply for this
story. So what you want to do is you
want to create a fake comment. So what
you can do is you can go to this website
right here easy comment.ai. And if you
don't want to type it in, I'll leave the
Figma board like the link to the board
that I'm on right now. that way you can
just click the link on the third link in
the description below. So you can click
that click that open it up and then
you'll find it and from there it'll
allow you to be able to create this fake
reply. So what you do is you use that
website you create a fake reply and then
you say laughing emoji no one is getting
whatever the result that you promise. So
that's going to be 10k and 10k followers
in 30 days. Cool. If that's going to be
uh I'll help you land 10 clients in the
next 30 days, whatever the case might
be. just overall mentioning a promise
that you would be fine with promising
your clients. Then from there you say
you sure you point up to the you sure
and you take a sexy photo like myself.
And that is it for slide one. Then for
slide two you just want to take the
comment leave it up at the top and then
you just want to upload three photos of
social proof disproving that said
comment.
Then third you're going to go over
basically the pH handle and then as well
as the pitch. So again put the comment
at the top. then say these results
aren't luck and they're not and then you
from there you just reverse a negative
assumption. So that's what I mean by
pre-handle. So whatever negative
assumption you think your client might
have around getting that set of results
or whatever objection you feel like they
might have in their mind that is what
you want to dismantle within this uh
brackets. That said do not make it long.
It should not be longer than two
sentences if that max. And then below
that what you want to do is say I just
optimized their process. So if you're
again if you're getting people clients I
opt auto optimized their client
acquisition. If you are a
AI agency optimized their
SOP creation
process whatever the case might be
optimized their process so that they got
more out of what they were already
doing. So, if you finally want whatever
your client's dream result is, reply
with keyword and then from there,
they'll learn more about you and your
service. And then set up a mini chat
automation to basically DM them either a
link to your VSSO or a qualifying
question. Bada bing, bada boom, bada
bam, you'll make some [__] money. And
that is story number one, talking [__]
This one, I want to say probably, how
many views we get on this story? We got
43,000 views on this story. Now, for me
personally, uh that's a decent amount.
For me personally, I want to say I
average around 25k views per story that
I post. So 43 is 100% an outlier.
Therefore, again, story is a good
[__] story. All right, so long story
short, my camera [__] died and I only
noticed whenever I got done with the
recording. So here we are again. If I
own a different shirt, if I look
different, that's why. Anyways, let's go
and get into story template number two.
Quiz audience. And out of the three,
this one's by far my favorite. mainly
because you're still going to a get
people to ask you for help, which you
know, we want sales, but then also b in
the process, you're going to be asking
them questions and then giving them
answers to those questions about your
offer. And you're going to do it in a
way that they want to participate in and
they actually get to get educated on
your offer while being sold to. So, I'll
walk through the templates the same way
I walked through the other one. We'll go
through my example first, then I'll give
you guys a templatized version that you
guys can copy and then we can rock from
there. So, let's hop into the first
story, which is going to be game time.
So, in this first story, it's pretty
simple. I just want to walk them through
what the next seven stories are going to
be about. Yes, this is the longest out
of the bunch whenever it comes down to
the sequences. So, story number one, as
you can see here, we say game time. And
then from there, we go over how this
game works. So, the game time is how
much you know about my offer. Nexus. How
this works, it is going to be a five
question quiz and if you get at least
three out of five correct, you win a
private Nexus training for free. And I
add a nice little photo of the training
and then say play now. Then you can go
and begin with five questions oriented
around your offer. So again, I'll show
you my example. Then we'll go into the
templiz templatized version. So question
one for us that we use is what niche is
not accepted inside of Nexus. You can
see here we got sales, trading, fitness
and then only fans management. Hopefully
you can decipher which one here is the
answer and that is going to be only fans
management.
And that's going to solve that way they
know more specifically who we help just
based around the pattern that we created
which is basically online business
owners. Then we move on to the second
question which is what is the number one
problem that Nex solves? And then from
there I give them a bunch of different
answers. If you guys are curious, we
help people grow their online business
with content. Then in the next question,
the third question, I wanted to start to
implement social proof. So this question
is, how much extra monthly revenue do
members add on average after four months
inside Nexus? Then from there, I gave
them four different options. The correct
answer is $17,322.
And then on the second to last question,
I wanted to drill down more social
proof. So, what's the average percentage
of increase in followers after four
months in Nexus? Are you seeing a trend
here? I'm getting them to think about
the answers. And whenever they see the
correct answer, they're thinking, huh,
okay, this sounds pretty like Nexus
sounds pretty good overall and it's
meant for me. And I'm now educating them
not only on my offer, but then also on
the results that my offer generates.
Then I end this story sequence off or at
least the last question is what is the
guarantee inside Nexus called letting
them kind of know that we also do have a
guarantee as well. And then after they
answer the five questions whether they
get three out of five correct doesn't
[__] matter. We still want to get
them to ask for our free resource that
we can start a conversation with them.
So then I ask did you get three out of
five correct? [__] it. I'm feeling
generous. reply with the word prize for
the free private Nexus training. And
from there, they go ahead and reply with
prize. And then I'll also add an extra
little bit of a pitch because again,
they just get educated on our offer. We
added some social proof, some good
stuff. They know that we have a
guarantee. They might be a little bit
interested and just say, "Fuck the [__]
the training. I want the full shit." So,
for people to be able to make that
decision here, we say, "And if you want
my help to scale your business, reply
with Nexus for more info." So, as you
can see, this is a pretty lucrative
story. Mainly because not only are we
going to get a bunch of engagement
because they're actually like
interacting with the quiz sticker. On
top of that, we're educating them on our
offer and on top of that, we're getting
conversations. So, now the question is,
how can you do it for yourself?
So, for this is pretty simple.
Basically, game time. Use this framework
that I used above. Just how much do you
really know about your offer? And then
you tell them how it works. It's a five
question quiz. And if you get three out
of five right, you win a free resource.
And then from there, put a nice little
screenshot to your resource. That way
they can see what they're going to win.
Then tell them to play now by going to
the next slide. And then from there,
just want to follow the templates given.
So who is your offer for? Uh and then
from there you just map out who is your
offer like who do you actually serve?
After that, what is the number one
problem that your offer solves? And then
next you pretty much just have the other
three questions uh that I used. So these
are frameworks are the questions that I
used. However, I understand not all of
you are going to track your client
results or maybe you don't want other
people to know your client results
because it's not a good number or maybe
just don't have the guarantee. So if
that's the case, these last three can be
swapped with what you can find here on
these three. Wait, no, these three um
stories of mine. So if you scroll here,
you'll find different question options
that you can choose from. So if you
don't track client results, you can also
go over just what's the total amount of
clients that you've helped. Just ask a
question around that. And then same
thing goes for the other two. We have
multiple different options that you can
choose from. So look at those, pick the
one that best fits you. And then from
there, bada bing, bada boom, bada bam.
You can go for the kill on the last
story, which is going to be did you get
three out of five correct? Either way,
you can add the [__] it if that is on
brand. However, I understand if you
don't want to. I'm feeling generous.
Reply with keyword to claim your
whatever resource you promised them.
Have an image of a resource below that
and then say your pitch. So, and if you
want me to help you get the result that
you drive, reply with keyword for more
information.
And that is the story. Overall, again,
this is my favorite story. Yes, we made
money from the story. It was not the
story that we made the most amount of
money from. However, we definitely I
think there's benefits outside of just
the results you drive for this story
because it's not about did you get the
sale from the story directly, but are
you implanting knowledge around your
offer to your audience to where now they
know you have a guarantee and even if
they don't upsell on this story in
particular, they now are educated on
what you actually do and that's still a
win no matter what. Don't get me wrong,
definitely are going to make money with
the story and get a lot of conversations
from this. And that is the second story,
quiz your audience. Which brings us to
our last seller story sequence of this
video, waking up to this. So this one in
particular, this is by far our best
performing story that we've ever posted.
Whenever it comes down to getting
comments on someone literally commenting
to watch my VSSL,
this literally just is a foursequence
story to where it says, "Hey, comment
for my VSSL." and everyone is just seems
to be so happy to do so and it's
converted so well because we're just
sending people to our VSSL and they're
opting in to watch it. So again, I'll
walk you through my example and then
I'll go over the template on how you can
do it for yourself.
So our short number one, main thing that
you want to do is just flex some sort of
personal result.
So on this one, I said every morning I
wake up to this with the W payments at
the bottom. Uh, no ads, no code
outreach, just organic content. And at
the bottom right, I go over here's how.
And then I go over visual proof. I would
imagine majority of my idol clients
would like to make $25,000 every 24
hours. I want to say like I do. I do
not. I make around maybe
uh 12K every 24 hours. Not the point.
Moving on to the second story. This one
is just going to be more so introducing
the well implanting into their mind that
there's going to be something extremely
valuable within the VSSL. That's they
don't know that it's going to be the
VSSL, but we'll get to that on another
story. Well, in the next upcoming
stories. So, on this story, I just go
over my authority. I introduce them to a
particular method and then I go over um
yeah, and I push them to learn more
about what that method is. So over the
past two years now, I've done nothing
but master how to create targeted
educational content that goes viral.
There are four systems that's allowed me
to replicate my results with hundreds of
different business owners. Then we push
to the four systems in the next slide to
where basically I just go over the four
systems. So for this we just go over,
hey, you got the content war plan,
monetization mode, content studio, and
viral content engine. And I just show
them the four resources on screen. Don't
worry, I'll teach you how to do it
yourself. And I say how to get these
systems. Go to the next slide. That's
whenever I just make them watch my BSL.
I've created an 11 minutes video
breaking down what it would look like
for us to implement these systems into
your business. Take a screenshot of your
VSO and then tell them to reply with
profit and I'll send it to you. This
worked so well for us. So well for us.
So how do you credit for yourself?
Pretty simple. Every morning I wake up
to this and say no common method. No
common method. Just your method. So for
example, if you are showing,
let's say you have a [__] six-pack,
right? And you just look shredded. You'd
say, "Every morning I wake up looking
like this." Or you could even say waking
up to this. And you could say, "No,
I I I didn't give up the foods I love. I
don't work out for three hours a day. I
just follow the superior man method or
whatever [__] you got and from there
visual proof again if you're just
[__] shredded let me see it and then
move it to the next slide with hair
sound and say over the past x years if
you haven't doing it for years and say x
months I've done nothing but master
whatever that method or skill is that
achieves the desirable result. So, over
the past 3 years, I've done nothing but
master
thermodynamics that allowed me to
achieve a six-pack that your girlfriend
foams at the mouth for. And there's been
three core system or there's been three
systems that have allowed me to
replicate
my results or these results either or
with X amount of dads over the age of
40.
the three systems and from there you
just go over the three or four systems
just tell them the feature name, the
description of the feature. So if it's
like some sort of
uh workout plan, let's say you call it
the datoninator workout plan and then
description of the workout plan and why
it's [__] sick. You go over how to
get these systems. I believe I have a
Canva template that makes it easy for
you guys to create something that looks
like this. Give me one second and I'll
go find it for you. All right, I
couldn't find it, but if you look in the
fourth link in the description, there
should be a link to Canva and then it
should allow you to be able to create
something that looks similar to this or
you'll be able to find a link somewhere
on the board like under right here and
you can just click that link. But from
there, you can make something that looks
like this. It will make a template for
you to make it easy along with a video
walking you through it. Or you you could
do something like this. But obviously,
this looks cooler than this. But this is
definitely something you could do. And
then once you go over the features, you
say, "How do you actually get these set
systems?" And you say I created however
[clears throat] long your VSSL is video
breaking them down or breaking down how
we can implement these
features or systems for you. and then an
image of your VSSO. Reply with keyword
and I'll send it to you. And now you
have a bunch of people that have seen
what you've been able to do for
yourself. They believe that you can do
it or that you've done it for others and
they now understand how you do it. So
then the question just becomes how can I
get it? So whenever they reply for the
keyword, you send them a mini automation
directly to your VSSL. Now people are
interested in watching on how you can
help them achieve their results aka
give you money. And that is this last
seller story sequence. And that
concludes our video. So again on the
third link in the description, you
should find the link to this board. Open
it up. What I will say is that these
templates obviously only work if you do.
This is going to be a max of like maybe
10 to 15 minutes for you to actually
build these templates. and the return on
your time, I promise you, will be
astronomical. That said, if you are a
online business owner making more than
20K per month [music] and you want to
help scaling your business further with
organic content, then feel free to click
on the first link in the [music]
description below to learn more about
Texus and watch this VSSL to learn more
about the systems that we can implement
inside [music] of your